objstore : implement Aliyun OSS (#1234)
thanos-io/thanos: docs/storage.md

| Azure Storage Account | Stable  (production usage) | yes       | @vglafirov   |
| OpenStack Swift      | Beta  (working PoCs, testing usage)               | no        | @sudhi-vm   |
| Tencent COS          | Beta  (testing usage)                   | no        | @jojohappy          |

> | AliYun OSS           | Beta  (testing usage)                   | no        | @shaulboozhiao      |

Author: OK, that will be OK ~~

```

Set the flags `--objstore.config-file` to reference to the configuration file.

##  AliYun OSS Configuration

> In order to use AliYun OSS object storage, you should first create a bucket with proper Storage Class , ACLs and get the access key on the AliYun cloud. Go over [https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/oss](https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/oss) for more detail information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use AliYun OSS object storage, you should first create a bucket with proper Storage Class , ACLs and get the access key on the AliYun cloud. Go to [https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/oss](https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/oss) for more details.
```

> In order to use AliYun OSS object storage, you should first create a bucket with proper Storage Class , ACLs and get the access key on the AliYun cloud. Go over [https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/oss](https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/oss) for more detail information.

Author: the newline is add before , please pull the latest code .

> To configure AliYun OSS objstore need a yaml format configuration file, you should specify the parameters list below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use AliYun OSS object storage, please specify folllowing  yaml configuration file in `objstore.config*` flag.
```

[embedmd]:# (flags/config_oss.txt $)
```$

> type: OSS

Reviewer 2: Yes, I think OSS should be OK, because its product name is Object Storage Service, and Hadoop/Flink/... are using OSS too.

> type: OSS

Reviewer 2: Here is an example from Hadoop configuration.It will be better if we keep the same with other open source frameworks.

<property>
   <name>fs.oss.impl</name>
   <value>org.apache.hadoop.fs.aliyun.oss.AliyunOSSFileSystem</value>
</property>

> Using AliYun OSS object storage, you should first create a bucket , with ACL `Private` & Storage Class `Standard` (I do not test each of `IA` and `Archive` Storage Class ever. if it is not a best choice, please feel free to tell me, I will test it ,for now, it is my best choice). Secondary , before you access to aliyun oss, you should apply for the AccessKey . Go over [https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/oss](https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/oss) for more detail information.

Reviewer 3: > (I do not test each of `IA` and `Archive` Storage Class ever. if it is not a best choice, please feel free to tell me, I will test it ,for now, it is my best choice)

Maybe you should not describe the words on your position, just tell users what should be done. What do you think?

Author: right , I will  correct it

config:
  bucket: ""
  endpoint: ""

>   secret_key: ""

Reviewer 2: There is a little confusion here. Users will get used to **access_key and secret_key** or **access_key_id and access_key_secret** just like go sdk does.

Author: OK
